Yes, my relationship now is very good,
There has been no period of expectation for each other since then,
So I don’t hope anymore,
We've done it.
These words are all created by Bai Xiajing.
We will definitely report on it from time to time.
Yes, otherwise, we would all be voted by him,
It's definitely not offensive.
Yes, although, I think this vice president is so trusting,
I just love it.
You think he is the saddest person,
You two, who are you?
Otherwise, I have already apologized to God, and you cannot fire me.
I really can't lose this job
Yes ma'am
Try again every chance you get
I think the line-washing revolution is re-expanding people
Do you have to go through being a father and a teacher?
Let me ask you a few questions
It's your true date
You are now in the survival period
It looks like a walk-out marriage
It seems that the new identity is not to wear
I used to be in this company, not me. I know how to cooperate.